3465 New page about map datatype. Fixed error in reference (#19)
SuperOffice/SDK-Doc: Customer.Service.Support/CRMScript/api reference/Classes/Map/Map.md

---

The Map class represents a collection of key-value pairs. Both key and value are strings.

> When using the constructor, the key-value pairs must be separated by "\n". Don't add space between \n and the 1st character of the key!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Map class supports two constructor. The default constructor, with no parameters, initializes a Map with an empty key-value pair collection. 

The constructor that accepts a String, expects the String parameter to be one or more lines of key-value pairs, delimited by the Line Feed (LF) character (\n).

Don't add space between \n and the 1st character of the key!
```

> Class for representing a key->value map. Both key and value are strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Map class represents a collection of key-value pairs. Both key and value are strings.
```
